Update the Full-Text search reference guide to make it more concise. (#623)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-1.x/reference-guide/full-text-search.mdx

---

# Full-Text Search
In SurrealDB, Full-Text Search supports text matching, proximity searches, result ranking, and keyword highlighting⁠.
It is also [ACID-compliant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACID), which ensures data integrity and reliability.⁠

## Define tables and fields
To implement Full-Text Search it is important that your data is first defined using SurrealDB [tables](/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/statements/define/table) and [fields](/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/statements/define/field). 

## Analyzers
Once the data is in your tables, you can use customized [analyzers](/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/statements/define/analyzer) to define rules for how your textual data should be searched.
An analyzer includes [tokenizers](/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/statements/define/analyzer#tokenizers) and [filters](/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/statements/define/analyzer#filters) which help break down text into manageable tokens and refine the search.

```surql
-- Combining tokenizers and filters into a custom analyzer
DEFINE ANALYZER custom_analyzer TOKENIZERS blank FILTERS lowercase, snowball(english);
```
## Define a Full-Text Index

> To make a text field searchable, you need to set up a [full-text index](/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/statements/define/indexes#full-text-search-index) on it by using the 'search' keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a Full text search, you'll need to first define a [full-text index](/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/statements/define/indexes#full-text-search-index) on your field or column and then call your analyzer on that index using the `SEARCH ANALYZER` clause at the end of your index.
```

Author: Hi @Ekwuno, can you please clarify what you mean by the `SEARCH ANALYSER` clause in SurrealDB? We have the `SEARCH` keyword which tells the parser what type of index it is. And the ANALYZER keyword which is followed by the name of the custom analyser. I am not sure if `clause` is the right terminology to use.

> Depending on the use case, each field can be associated with a different analyzer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the use case, each field or column can be associated with a different analyzers
```

> You can also use the `HIGHLIGHTS` keyword when you define an index along with your analyzer to highlight the content of that field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable text highlight on searches, use the `HIGHLIGHTS` keyword when defining a full-text search index. This enables you use the [`search::highlight`](/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/functions/database/search#searchhighlight) function. 
```
